{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Emoji;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang9 Create chatting app with video broadcast like chaturbate web app but pilipino version and can create account using google account and verified fhe account over 18 years old using national id.\par
\b0\par
Building a Pinoy-version localized streaming application with specific adult entertainment mechanics requires a careful architecture. It combines WebRTC for real-time video broadcasting, Google OAuth for user signup, and an automated eKYC (electronic Know Your Customer) partner to verify the Philippine National ID (PhilID) for users over 18 years old.\par
\par
\f1\u-10180?\u-8233?\u-497?\f2  \f0 System Architecture\par
Building this requires breaking the application into four core layers:\par
\par
[ Frontend: Next.js / React ] <--- WebSockets ---> [ Backend API: Node.js / Go ]\par
         |                                                 |\par
         v                                                 v\par
[ WebRTC: Mediasoup / LiveKit ]                  [ Database: PostgreSQL / Redis ]\par
         |                                                 |\par
         v                                                 v\par
[ Google OAuth 2.0 ]                             [ eKYC Provider: Sumsub / Smile Identity ]\par
\f1\u-10179?\u-8480?\u-497?\f2  \f0 Implementation Plan\par
1. Authentication (Google OAuth 2.0)\par
You will use Google Sign-In for friction-free registration. However, Google's OAuth policies strictly prohibit passing adult-oriented scopes or displaying explicit content during the Google authentication flow.\par
\par
The Flow: The user authenticates via Google. Your backend receives the Google ID token, extracts the email and basic profile, and creates a "Pending Verification" account flag.\par
\par
The Rule: You cannot use Google's basic profile to legally guarantee the user is 18+ for adult content compliance; you must gate the app behind your ID verification step right after they log in for the first time.\par
\par
2. Age & National ID Verification (eKYC)\par
Connecting directly to the Philippine government\f2\rquote\f0 s PhilSys / eGovPH database for private commercial apps is restricted. Instead, you must integrate a certified third-party eKYC provider operating in the Philippines (such as Sumsub, Smile Identity, or Zignsec).\par
\par
The Technical Flow:\par
\par
The frontend initiates a verification session via your backend to the eKYC API.\par
\par
The eKYC Web SDK opens a secure camera widget for the user.\par
\par
The user takes a photo of their Philippine National ID (PhilID / ePhilID) and a live selfie (Liveness Check to prevent fraud/photos of photos).\par
\par
The provider's AI runs OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the ID to extract the Date of Birth and calculates if the age is greater than or equal to 18.\par
\par
The provider sends a secure webhook back to your server with the status (APPROVED or REJECTED).\par
\par
Here is a typical backend implementation processing that webhook:\par
\par
JavaScript\par
// Example Node.js Express Webhook for eKYC status updates\par
app.post('/api/v1/kyc/webhook', async (req, res) => \{\par
    const signature = req.headers['x-kyc-signature'];\par
    \par
    // 1. Verify webhook signature for security\par
    if (!verifyWebhookSource(req.body, signature)) \{\par
        return res.status(401).send('Unauthorized Source');\par
    \}\par
\par
    const \{ userId, status, verificationData \} = req.body;\par
\par
    if (status === 'COMPLETED' && verificationData.isOver18) \{\par
        // 2. Update user status in your Database (e.g., PostgreSQL)\par
        await db.user.update(\{\par
            where: \{ id: userId \},\par
            data: \{ \par
                isVerifiedAdult: true,\par
                kycReference: verificationData.idNumberHash // Hash for privacy compliance\par
            \}\par
        \});\par
        return res.status(200).send('User Verified');\par
    \}\par
\par
    return res.status(400).send('Verification Failed or Underage');\par
\});\par
3. Video Broadcasting Infrastructure\par
A live-streaming site requires sub-second latency so performers can interact with chat rooms instantly. Standard HLS streaming has a 2 to 5-second delay, which ruins interaction. You must use WebRTC.\par
\par
Media Server: Do not try to build WebRTC peer-to-peer relationships for hundreds of viewers. Use a Selective Forwarding Unit (SFU) media server like LiveKit or Mediasoup. The broadcaster streams once to the SFU, and the SFU distributes that single stream to thousands of viewers efficiently.\par
\par
Chat Layer: Use Socket.io or a managed system like Centrifugo running over Redis to handle high-frequency chat messages, tipping animations, and virtual gifts.\par
\par
\f1\u9878?\u-497?\f2  \f0 Philippine Legal & Compliance Requirements\par
Because this falls under adult digital media within the Philippine jurisdiction, you must design with strict regulatory compliance from Day 1:\par
\par
Data Privacy Act of 2012 (RA 10173): You are collecting highly sensitive personal information (National IDs). You must register your platform with the National Privacy Commission (NPC). You should never store raw pictures of user IDs on your own servers. Let the eKYC vendor hold them securely, or delete them instantly from your storage buckets once verified.\par
\par
Anti-Money Laundering Council (AMLC): If your app features virtual gifting, tipping, or "tokens" that broadcasters can convert back into Philippine Pesos (via GCash, Maya, or bank transfers), your platform may be classified as a Virtual Asset Service Provider (VASP) or a Remittance Transfer Company. You will need strict compliance monitoring to prevent money laundering.\par
\par
Cybercrime Prevention Act (RA 10175): Content moderation filters must be active to immediately block, flag, and report illegal content, ensuring absolute zero-tolerance policies are enforced programmatically.\par
\par
Would you like to drill down into the database schema layout for managing these verified users, or look closely at setting up the LiveKit SFU infrastructure for the streaming side?\par
\par
Yes. Can I look the stractural of the application?\par
\par
Here is a detailed breakdown of the structural blueprint for your application. This covers both the Database Schema (how your users, streams, tokens, and KYC data relate to each other) and the System Architecture Flow showing how media and verification move through the platform.\par
\par
\f1\u-10180?\u-8233?\u-497?\f2  \f0 Core Application Architecture Flow\par
This diagram illustrates how a user securely authenticates, gets verified against Philippine compliance standards, and connects to a low-latency broadcast room.\par
\par
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+\par
|                                 1. SIGNUP & KYC FLOW                              |\par
|                                                                                   |\par
|  [User] --(1. Auth via Google)--> [Next.js App] --(2. Create Pending User)-----\\  |\par
|    ^                                    |                                       v |\par
|    |                                (3. Launch)                        [PostgreSQL]\par
|    |                                    |                                       ^ |\par
|    \\--(4. Selfie & PhilID Upload)--> [eKYC SDK]                                 | |\par
|                                         |                                       | |\par
|                                     (5. Webhook)                                | |\par
|                                         v                                       | |\par
|                                   [Backend API] --(6. Mark Active/Adult)--------/ |\par
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+\par
                                          |\par
                                          v\par
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+\par
|                                 2. BROADCAST FLOW                                 |\par
|                                                                                   |\par
| [Broadcaster] --(WebRTC Stream)--> [LiveKit SFU Server] <--(WebRTC)--- [Viewer]   |\par
|       ^                                                                   |       |\par
|       |                                                                   v       |\par
|       \\====(Tips / Real-Time Interactivity via WebSockets / Redis)========/       |\par
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+\par
\f1\u-10179?\u-8764?\u-497?\f2  \f0 Relational Database Schema (PostgreSQL)\par
To handle user state, age verification flags, financial token ledgers, and live streaming sessions, you can use the following database layout:\par
\par
SQL\par
-- Enums for state control\par
CREATE TYPE user_role AS ENUM ('VIEWER', 'BROADCASTER', 'ADMIN');\par
CREATE TYPE kyc_status AS ENUM ('PENDING', 'APPROVED', 'REJECTED');\par
CREATE TYPE stream_status AS ENUM ('IDLE', 'LIVE', 'OFFLINE');\par
\par
-- 1. USERS TABLE\par
CREATE TABLE users (\par
    id UUID PRIMARY KEY DEFAULT gen_random_uuid(),\par
    email VARCHAR(255) UNIQUE NOT NULL,\par
    google_id VARCHAR(255) UNIQUE NOT NULL,\par
    display_name VARCHAR(100) NOT NULL,\par
    role user_role DEFAULT 'VIEWER',\par
    token_balance INT DEFAULT 0 CHECK (token_balance >= 0),\par
    is_adult_verified BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE,\par
    created_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP\par
);\par
\par
-- 2. KYC VERIFICATION LOGS (Crucial for PH legal audits)\par
CREATE TABLE kyc_verifications (\par
    id UUID PRIMARY KEY DEFAULT gen_random_uuid(),\par
    user_id UUID REFERENCES users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,\par
    provider_session_id VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL, -- e.g., Sumsub/Smile ID reference\par
    status kyc_status DEFAULT 'PENDING',\par
    id_type_detected VARCHAR(50),             -- e.g., "PH_NATIONAL_ID"\par
    rejection_reason TEXT,\par
    verified_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE,\par
    updated_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP\par
);\par
\par
-- 3. LIVE STREAMS TABLE\par
CREATE TABLE streams (\par
    id UUID PRIMARY KEY DEFAULT gen_random_uuid(),\par
    broadcaster_id UUID REFERENCES users(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,\par
    room_name VARCHAR(255) UNIQUE NOT NULL,    -- Maps directly to LiveKit Room Name\par
    title VARCHAR(255),\par
    status stream_status DEFAULT 'IDLE',\par
    current_viewer_count INT DEFAULT 0,\par
    tokens_earned_this_session INT DEFAULT 0,\par
    started_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE,\par
    ended_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE\par
);\par
\par
-- 4. TOKEN TRANSACTION LEDGER (Tracks tipping & financial transactions)\par
CREATE TABLE token_transactions (\par
    id UUID PRIMARY KEY DEFAULT gen_random_uuid(),\par
    sender_id UUID REFERENCES users(id),\par
    receiver_id UUID REFERENCES users(id),\par
    stream_id UUID REFERENCES streams(id),\par
    amount INT NOT NULL CHECK (amount > 0),\par
    created_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP\par
);\par
\par
-- Optimization Indexes\par
CREATE INDEX idx_users_google_id ON users(google_id);\par
CREATE INDEX idx_streams_status ON streams(status) WHERE status = 'LIVE';\par
CREATE INDEX idx_kyc_user ON kyc_verifications(user_id);\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-9029?\f2  \f0 Tech Stack Recommendation\par
To build this structure out sustainably, these specific tools match the architectural layout above:\par
\par
Frontend Framework: Next.js (React) or Vite. Next.js allows you to handle server-side pre-rendering for SEO (crucial for models' profile pages) while handling rich client-side components easily.\par
\par
Media Streaming Core: LiveKit. It is an open-source WebRTC SFU built in Go. It handles scaling up to thousands of concurrent viewers effortlessly and provides built-in client SDKs for JavaScript to draw the video frames smoothly.\par
\par
Real-time Communication: Socket.io or LiveKit Data Packets. For the text chat room, tipping alerts, and goal meters, you need an instant WebSocket connection layer running on top of a Redis Pub/Sub instance to sync across multiple backend servers.\par
\par
PH eKYC Vendors: Sumsub or Smile Identity. Both have out-of-the-box support for reading the security components of the Philippine Identification Card (PhilID) and ePhilID via dynamic optical scanning.\par
\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8942?\f2  \f0 Crucial Data Security Rule\par
According to the National Privacy Commission (NPC) of the Philippines, storing raw identity cards on unencrypted or exposed standard databases poses severe legal liabilities.\par
\par
Structural Rule: Notice that the kyc_verifications table layout above does not store the image or the raw text of the National ID number. It only saves a unique reference ID provided by your verification partner and whether they passed. Always rely on your external eKYC dashboard to audit records rather than caching highly sensitive Philippine government ID assets on your local databases.\par
\par
Would you like to review how the frontend code communicates directly with the LiveKit server to fetch a room token and render a live video stream?\par
\par
Sign up instruction\par
\par
Full Name, Age,Date of Birth, Place of Birth, Gender, City Location and can upload photo and video of their self.\par
\par
Because this is an adult platform requiring strict over-18 legal verification in the Philippines, your sign-up flow must be split into structured steps. You cannot allow unverified users to upload media or browse explicit content immediately.\par
\par
To provide the smoothest user experience, break the registration process into a 3-step structural flow.\par
\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8975?\f2  \f0 The 3-Step Sign-Up & Verification Structure\par
The standard structure for secure adult eKYC user onboarding, AI generated\par
The standard structure for secure adult eKYC user onboarding. Source: Innovatrics\par
Step 1: Secure Google Authentication & Base Profile\par
The user registers using their Google account first. This secures their email address automatically. Immediately following the Google sign-in, prompt them for their localized profile details:\par
\par
Full Name: (Must match their National ID exactly)\par
\par
Gender: Male / Female / Non-Binary\par
\par
Date of Birth: (Used to check if they are mathematically 18+ before proceeding)\par
\par
Age: (Auto-calculated by the system based on Date of Birth to avoid typos)\par
\par
Place of Birth: Province / City\par
\par
City Location: Current residence in the Philippines (e.g., Quezon City, Cebu City, Davao City)\par
\par
Step 2: Strict 18+ National ID Verification (eKYC)\par
Before a user can access the platform, view broadcasts, or upload media, they must clear the age gate using their Philippine National ID (PhilID) or ePhilID.\par
\par
The Action: The user positions their National ID in front of their smartphone or webcam.\par
\par
The System Validation: The integrated eKYC scanner cross-references the Full Name, Date of Birth, and Place of Birth provided in Step 1 against the OCR text read directly from the physical National ID card. If they mismatch, the system flags it for manual review or automatic rejection.\par
\par
Step 3: Biometric Photo & Video Upload (Liveness Proof)\par
To ensure the person signing up didn't just find or steal someone else's PhilID, the app requires direct biometric verification:\par
\par
Photo Capture (Selfie Match): The camera takes a high-resolution selfie. The AI compares the facial geometry of the selfie against the photo printed on the scanned National ID card to verify ownership.\par
\par
Video Capture (Liveness Check): The system records a short, 3-to-5 second video clip where the user is asked to perform a simple action (e.g., blink, turn their head, or read 3 random numbers out loud). This prevents fraudsters from holding up a static printout photo or using a deepfake filter to bypass registration.\par
\par
\f1\u-10179?\u-8766?\u-497?\f2  \f0 Updated Database Fields for Step 1 Data\par
To store these exact fields cleanly inside your database system, expand your users profile table using this structure:\par
\par
SQL\par
-- Comprehensive Profile Extension for Step 1 Data\par
ALTER TABLE users ADD COLUMN full_name VARCHAR(255);\par
ALTER TABLE users ADD COLUMN date_of_birth DATE;\par
ALTER TABLE users ADD COLUMN place_of_birth VARCHAR(255);\par
ALTER TABLE users ADD COLUMN gender VARCHAR(50);\par
ALTER TABLE users ADD COLUMN city_location VARCHAR(100);\par
ALTER TABLE users ADD COLUMN profile_photo_url TEXT; -- Stores the verified avatar link\par
ALTER TABLE users ADD COLUMN liveness_video_url TEXT; -- Secured link to the verification proof clip\par
\par
-- Add an automated database rule to double-check age on entry\par
ALTER TABLE users ADD CONSTRAINT check_legal_adult \par
CHECK (age(date_of_birth) >= interval '18 years');\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8942?\f2  \f0 Security Reminder: The captured video file and selfie photo are highly protected data under the Philippine Data Privacy Act. Store these files in an encrypted Private AWS S3 Bucket or Google Cloud Storage Bucket with strictly timed URLs, rather than public storage spaces.\par
\par
Would you like to look at the user interface (UI) code layout for the Step 1 form fields using React/Next.js?\par
\par
Yes\par
\par
Here is a clean, modern structural layout for the Step 1 Sign-Up Form using React and Tailwind CSS. This component handles the form state, dynamically calculates the user's age based on their Date of Birth, and ensures they cannot proceed if they are under 18.\par
\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8995?\f2  \f0 React Frontend Component (SignUpForm.jsx)\par
JavaScript\par
import React, \{ useState, useEffect \} from 'react';\par
\par
export default function SignUpForm(\{ onNextStep, googleUserData \}) \{\par
  const [formData, setFormData] = useState(\{\par
    fullName: googleUserData?.name || '',\par
    dateOfBirth: '',\par
    age: '',\par
    placeOfBirth: '',\par
    gender: '',\par
    cityLocation: '',\par
  \});\par
  \par
  const [error, setError] = useState('');\par
\par
  // Automatically calculate age when Date of Birth changes\par
  useEffect(() => \{\par
    if (!formData.dateOfBirth) return;\par
\par
    const dob = new Date(formData.dateOfBirth);\par
    const today = new Date();\par
    let calculatedAge = today.getFullYear() - dob.getFullYear();\par
    const monthDiff = today.getMonth() - dob.getMonth();\par
    \par
    // Adjust age if birthday hasn't happened yet this year\par
    if (monthDiff < 0 || (monthDiff === 0 && today.getDate() < dob.getDate())) \{\par
      calculatedAge--;\par
    \}\par
\par
    setFormData(prev => (\{ ...prev, age: calculatedAge \}));\par
\par
    // Real-time front-end validation check\par
    if (calculatedAge < 18) \{\par
      setError('You must be 18 years or older to register on this platform.');\par
    \} else \{\par
      setError('');\par
    \}\par
  \}, [formData.dateOfBirth]);\par
\par
  const handleChange = (e) => \{\par
    const \{ name, value \} = e.target;\par
    setFormData(prev => (\{ ...prev, [name]: value \}));\par
  \};\par
\par
  const handleSubmit = (e) => \{\par
    e.preventDefault();\par
    if (formData.age < 18) \{\par
      setError('Registration denied. Under 18 years old.');\par
      return;\par
    \}\par
    // Pass complete profile payload up to the parent component/API step\par
    onNextStep(formData);\par
  \};\par
\par
  return (\par
    <div className="max-w-md mx-auto my-10 p-6 bg-slate-900 text-white rounded-xl shadow-md border border-slate-800">\par
      <h2 className="text-2xl font-bold mb-2 text-center text-pink-500">Complete Your Profile</h2>\par
      <p className="text-xs text-slate-400 text-center mb-6">\par
        Step 1 of 3: Please provide details exactly as they appear on your National ID.\par
      </p>\par
\par
      \{error && (\par
        <div className="mb-4 p-3 bg-red-900/50 border border-red-500 text-red-200 text-sm rounded-lg">\par
          \{error\}\par
        </div>\par
      )\}\par
\par
      <form onSubmit=\{handleSubmit\} className="space-y-4">\par
        \{/* Full Name */\}\par
        <div>\par
          <label className="block text-sm font-medium mb-1">Full Name (First, Middle, Last)</label>\par
          <input\par
            type="text"\par
            name="fullName"\par
            required\par
            value=\{formData.fullName\}\par
            onChange=\{handleChange\}\par
            className="w-full p-2.5 bg-slate-800 border border-slate-700 rounded-lg focus:ring-2 focus:ring-pink-500 outline-none"\par
            placeholder="Juan Dela Cruz"\par
          />\par
        </div>\par
\par
        \{/* DOB and Age Grid */\}\par
        <div className="grid grid-cols-3 gap-4">\par
          <div className="col-span-2">\par
            <label className="block text-sm font-medium mb-1">Date of Birth</label>\par
            <input\par
              type="date"\par
              name="dateOfBirth"\par
              required\par
              value=\{formData.dateOfBirth\}\par
              onChange=\{handleChange\}\par
              className="w-full p-2.5 bg-slate-800 border border-slate-700 rounded-lg focus:ring-2 focus:ring-pink-500 outline-none text-slate-200"\par
            />\par
          </div>\par
          <div>\par
            <label className="block text-sm font-medium mb-1">Age</label>\par
            <input\par
              type="text"\par
              name="age"\par
              disabled\par
              value=\{formData.age\}\par
              className="w-full p-2.5 bg-slate-900 border border-slate-700 text-center font-bold text-pink-400 rounded-lg cursor-not-allowed"\par
              placeholder="--"\par
            />\par
          </div>\par
        </div>\par
\par
        \{/* Place of Birth */\}\par
        <div>\par
          <label className="block text-sm font-medium mb-1">Place of Birth (Province/City)</label>\par
          <input\par
            type="text"\par
            name="placeOfBirth"\par
            required\par
            value=\{formData.placeOfBirth\}\par
            onChange=\{handleChange\}\par
            className="w-full p-2.5 bg-slate-800 border border-slate-700 rounded-lg focus:ring-2 focus:ring-pink-500 outline-none"\par
            placeholder="e.g., Manila"\par
          />\par
        </div>\par
\par
        \{/* Gender Choice */\}\par
        <div>\par
          <label className="block text-sm font-medium mb-1">Gender Identity</label>\par
          <select\par
            name="gender"\par
            required\par
            value=\{formData.gender\}\par
            onChange=\{handleChange\}\par
            className="w-full p-2.5 bg-slate-800 border border-slate-700 rounded-lg focus:ring-2 focus:ring-pink-500 outline-none"\par
          >\par
            <option value="">Select Gender</option>\par
            <option value="Male">Male</option>\par
            <option value="Female">Female</option>\par
            <option value="Non-Binary">Non-Binary</option>\par
          </select>\par
        </div>\par
\par
        \{/* Current City Location */\}\par
        <div>\par
          <label className="block text-sm font-medium mb-1">Current City Location (Philippines)</label>\par
          <input\par
            type="text"\par
            name="cityLocation"\par
            required\par
            value=\{formData.cityLocation\}\par
            onChange=\{handleChange\}\par
            className="w-full p-2.5 bg-slate-800 border border-slate-700 rounded-lg focus:ring-2 focus:ring-pink-500 outline-none"\par
            placeholder="e.g., Quezon City"\par
          />\par
        </div>\par
\par
        \{/* Submit Action */\}\par
        <button\par
          type="submit"\par
          disabled=\{!!error || !formData.dateOfBirth\}\par
          className=\{`w-full mt-6 p-3 rounded-lg font-bold transition-all duration-200 $\{\par
            error || !formData.dateOfBirth\par
              ? 'bg-slate-700 text-slate-400 cursor-not-allowed'\par
              : 'bg-pink-600 hover:bg-pink-500 text-white shadow-lg shadow-pink-600/20'\par
          \}`\}\par
        >\par
          Continue to ID Verification\par
        </button>\par
      </form>\par
    </div>\par
  );\par
\}\par
\f1\u-10178?\u-8719?\f2  \f0 Next Steps in the UI Workflow\par
Once the user clicks "Continue to ID Verification", your application framework will pass this gathered state forward:\par
\par
Save Draft Data: Send this temporary payload to your database endpoint to anchor their user profile.\par
\par
Trigger the eKYC Modal: Call your partner's SDK script (like Sumsub Web SDK or Smile ID SmartCamera) to overlay the direct webcam panel right over the layout, prompting the user to frame their physical National ID card and capture their liveness video clip.\par
\par
Would you like to look at the API backend endpoint structure that receives this form data and passes it to your eKYC provider?\par
\par
Can I name the register name application ChattMate\par
\par
That is a fantastic name! ChattMate hits the perfect balance for a Filipino application\f2\emdash it sounds modern, is easy to remember, and plays cleanly on the local phrasing of looking for a "chatmate" online.\par
\par
Before committing your branding assets and domain name completely, let's run a quick commercial checklist for the Philippine market to ensure your business structure remains safe.\par
\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8947?\f2  \f0 ChattMate Domain & Brand Availability Check\par
To ensure your brand identity belongs exclusively to your platform, you should secure these three foundational points right away:\par
\par
1. Digital Domain Strategy\par
Primary Choice: chattmate.ph or chattmate.com.ph (Managed via dot.PH, the official domain registry for the Philippines). Having a .ph domain establishes immediate trust for local users and indicates a dedicated regional service.\par
\par
Backup Choice: chattmate.live or chattmate.tv. If .com or .ph alternatives are claimed, these specific TLDs (Top-Level Domains) are standard for modern interactive video applications.\par
\par
2. Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) Check\par
If you are operating this platform out of the Philippines as a sole proprietor, search the DTI Business Name Registration System (BNRS) online database. You will want to check if another business entity has already registered "ChattMate" or "Chattmate Streaming Services" within your locale.\par
\par
3. SEC & Trademark Notice\par
If you are structuring this with co-founders as a formal corporation, you will need to register via the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Esparc portal. Ensure the specific corporate name ChattMate Media and Technologies Inc. (or similar) is reserved before spending capital on logo designs or localized marketing.\par
\par
\f3\u-10180?\u-8280?\f2  \f0 Branding Tips for the Pinoy Market\par
To give ChattMate an authentic local feel while keeping its dark-themed adult web app identity crisp:\par
\par
Color Palette: You can keep the deep slate/charcoal background styles from our code mockups, but use bright accents like Jeepney Yellow or Neon Coral/Magenta to give it a high-energy, premium Philippine nightlife vibe.\par
\par
Localization: On your onboarding screens, write simple subheadings that connect with the audience (e.g., "Hanap mo ba ay ka-chat? Verify your profile to join the community safely.").\par
\par
Now that ChattMate has its official identity, would you like to build out the API endpoint that hooks up this registration form to your backend system?\par
\par
Run the applicaation\par
\par
To "run" ChattMate locally for development, you need to set up three distinct processes on your machine: the Database, the Media Server, and the Web Application.\par
\par
Since this is a full-stack project, follow this step-by-step local development guide.\par
\par
1. Prerequisites (Install these first)\par
Ensure you have these installed on your computer:\par
\par
Node.js (LTS version): nodejs.org\par
\par
PostgreSQL: postgresql.org (for your user data).\par
\par
Docker Desktop: (Optional but highly recommended) It makes running the Database and LiveKit server much easier.\par
\par
2. Setting Up the Infrastructure\par
A. Run the Database (PostgreSQL)\par
If you have Docker installed, you can start a local database with one command:\par
\par
Bash\par
docker run --name chattmate-db -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=mysecretpassword -p 5432:5432 -d postgres\par
B. Run the Media Server (LiveKit)\par
LiveKit handles your video broadcasting. You can run it locally using Docker:\par
\par
Bash\par
docker run -p 7880:7880 -p 7881:7881 -p 7882:7882 -p 7883:7883/udp -p 7884:7884/udp livekit/livekit-server --dev\par
Note: The --dev flag simplifies authentication for local testing.\par
\par
3. Developing the Web Application\par
Open your terminal in your project folder and follow these commands:\par
\par
Initialize your project:\par
\par
Bash\par
npx create-next-app@latest chattmate\par
cd chattmate\par
npm install livekit-client @livekit/components-react prisma @prisma/client\par
Configure Environment Variables:\par
Create a file named .env in your root folder:\par
\par
Plaintext\par
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://postgres:mysecretpassword@localhost:5432/chattmate"\par
LIVEKIT_API_KEY=devkey\par
LIVEKIT_API_SECRET=secret\par
NEXT_PUBLIC_LIVEKIT_URL=http://localhost:7880\par
Start the Development Server:\par
\par
Bash\par
npm run dev\par
4. How to Test Your App\par
Once the dev server is running, open your browser to http://localhost:3000.\par
\par
Test the Signup: Navigate to your signup page to verify that the Date of Birth logic correctly triggers the 18+ restriction.\par
\par
Test Video: You will need to create a simple page that imports the LiveKit provider and uses a <Room> component. Your local webcam will be accessed by the browser to test the streaming functionality.\par
\par
\f1\u9888?\u-497?\f2  \f0 Important Production Note\par
Running the app on localhost is great for building, but you cannot launch the app to the public using localhost. When you are ready to go live:\par
\par
Hosting: Use a platform like Railway or Render (which are great for full-stack apps). They can host your Node.js code, your database, and even a managed LiveKit instance.\par
\par
Security: Ensure you have HTTPS enabled (Vercel/Railway handle this automatically). WebRTC (video streaming) will not work on standard HTTP connections due to browser security restrictions.\par
\par
eKYC Integration: You will need to replace your "fake" verification logic with the actual API keys provided by your eKYC partner (e.g., Sumsub or Smile Identity).\par
\par
Are you planning to deploy this on a cloud hosting service, or do you want to keep testing the local setup further?\par
\par
No i want to twst it first using local setup.\par
\par
To get ChattMate up and running on your local machine, you need to connect your frontend (Next.js), your database (PostgreSQL), and your media engine (LiveKit).\par
\par
Follow this step-by-step local development workflow to bring the system to life on your own hardware.\par
\par
1. Environment Setup Checklist\par
Ensure your development environment has these installed:\par
\par
Node.js (LTS): The runtime for your app.\par
\par
Docker Desktop: Essential for running LiveKit and PostgreSQL without complex manual configuration.\par
\par
Git: For managing your project versions.\par
\par
2. Launching the Services (Docker)\par
Open your terminal and run these two commands to spin up your backend infrastructure in the background:\par
\par
A. Start your PostgreSQL database:\par
\par
Bash\par
docker run --name chattmate-db -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=password -p 5432:5432 -d postgres\par
B. Start your LiveKit media server (Development Mode):\par
\par
Bash\par
docker run --name livekit-dev -p 7880:7880 -p 7881:7881 -p 7882:7882 -p 7883:7883/udp -p 7884:7884/udp livekit/livekit-server --dev\par
3. Creating the ChattMate Application\par
In your terminal, navigate to your preferred coding directory and scaffold the project:\par
\par
Bash\par
# Initialize project\par
npx create-next-app@latest chattmate --typescript --tailwind --eslint\par
cd chattmate\par
\par
# Install essential dependencies\par
npm install prisma @prisma/client livekit-client @livekit/components-react\par
4. Configuration\par
Create a .env file in the root of your project to tell your app where its services are:\par
\par
Code snippet\par
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://postgres:password@localhost:5432/chattmate"\par
LIVEKIT_API_KEY="devkey"\par
LIVEKIT_API_SECRET="secret"\par
NEXT_PUBLIC_LIVEKIT_URL="http://localhost:7880"\par
5. Running the App\par
Sync your database schema: Run npx prisma db push to create the users, streams, and kyc_logs tables in your local Docker Postgres container.\par
\par
Start your app: Run npm run dev.\par
\par
Access: Open your browser to http://localhost:3000.\par
\par
6. Testing the Workflow\par
Since you want to test the full flow locally, here is your testing sequence:\par
\par
Test the "Age Gate": Go to the registration form we designed. Input a date of birth that makes you under 18. The app should block the "Continue" button. Change the date to be over 18, and the button should become active.\par
\par
Test Video Broadcast:\par
\par
Create a simple stream page.\par
\par
Import the <LiveKitRoom> component.\par
\par
Use the token generated by your backend to join the room.\par
\par
Browser Requirement: When prompted, click "Allow" for camera and microphone access. If you don't see your video, check your browser's "Site Settings" to ensure localhost:3000 has media permissions.\par
\par
Pro-Tip for Local Testing\par
If you are testing on multiple devices (e.g., your laptop and your phone), you will need to access your computer's local IP address (e.g., [http://192.168.1.5:3000](http://192.168.1.5:3000)) instead of localhost.\par
\par
Do you have your database schema ready to apply, or would you like me to provide the full schema.prisma file so you can run the sync command immediately?\par
\par
Yes can you provide me the full schema.prisma files and run the sync command.\par
\par
To set up your database schema for ChattMate, you will need to define your models using Prisma. This will allow your application to manage users, KYC verification statuses, and stream information effectively.\par
\par
1. The schema.prisma File\par
Create a file at prisma/schema.prisma in your project root and paste the following content:\par
\par
Code snippet\par
// This is your Prisma schema file\par
generator client \{\par
  provider = "prisma-client-js"\par
\}\par
\par
datasource db \{\par
  provider = "postgresql"\par
  url      = env("DATABASE_URL")\par
\}\par
\par
model User \{\par
  id              String           @id @default(uuid())\par
  email           String           @unique\par
  googleId        String           @unique\par
  fullName        String\par
  dateOfBirth     DateTime\par
  placeOfBirth    String\par
  gender          String\par
  cityLocation    String\par
  isVerifiedAdult Boolean          @default(false)\par
  kycStatus       KycStatus        @default(PENDING)\par
  tokenBalance    Int              @default(0)\par
  createdAt       DateTime         @default(now())\par
  \par
  // Relations\par
  streams         Stream[]\par
  verifications   KycVerification[]\par
\}\par
\par
model KycVerification \{\par
  id              String     @id @default(uuid())\par
  userId          String\par
  user            User       @relation(fields: [userId], references: [id])\par
  status          KycStatus  @default(PENDING)\par
  providerRef     String?    // Reference ID from your eKYC provider\par
  updatedAt       DateTime   @updatedAt\par
\}\par
\par
model Stream \{\par
  id             String   @id @default(uuid())\par
  broadcasterId  String\par
  broadcaster    User     @relation(fields: [broadcasterId], references: [id])\par
  roomName       String   @unique\par
  status         String   @default("IDLE")\par
  createdAt      DateTime @default(now())\par
\}\par
\par
enum KycStatus \{\par
  PENDING\par
  APPROVED\par
  REJECTED\par
\}\par
2. How to Run the Sync Command\par
Once you have saved the file above, you need to sync this structure to your local PostgreSQL database (which you started via Docker in the previous step).\par
\par
Run the following commands in your terminal inside your project folder:\par
\par
Step A: Push the schema to your database\par
\par
Bash\par
npx prisma db push\par
Step B: Generate the Prisma Client\par
Whenever you modify your schema, you must regenerate the client so your application can interact with the database using typed functions:\par
\par
Bash\par
npx prisma generate\par
3. Verification\par
After running db push, you can verify that your tables were created by running:\par
\par
Bash\par
npx prisma studio\par
This will open a local website at http://localhost:5555 where you can see your User, Stream, and KycVerification tables, add test data, and confirm everything is connected correctly.\par
\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-9055?\f2  \f0 Pro-Tip for Local Development\par
Since you are testing age verification, you can create a "seed" file to quickly add a test user to your database. Would you like a small seed.ts script that creates a user and marks them as "Verified" so you can jump straight into testing the streaming features without manually filling out forms every time?\par
\par
Create seed\par
\par
To test your ChattMate database, creating a seed file is a highly efficient way to populate your local PostgreSQL instance with test data. This saves you from filling out the registration form repeatedly during your development process.\par
\par
1. Create the Seed File\par
Create a new file in your project at prisma/seed.ts:\par
\par
TypeScript\par
import \{ PrismaClient \} from '@prisma/client';\par
\par
const prisma = new PrismaClient();\par
\par
async function main() \{\par
  // Create a test user who is already verified (18+)\par
  const testUser = await prisma.user.upsert(\{\par
    where: \{ email: 'test.broadcaster@chattmate.ph' \},\par
    update: \{\},\par
    create: \{\par
      email: 'test.broadcaster@chattmate.ph',\par
      googleId: 'google-oauth-123456789',\par
      fullName: 'Juan Dela Cruz',\par
      dateOfBirth: new Date('2000-01-01'), // 18+\par
      placeOfBirth: 'Manila, Philippines',\par
      gender: 'Male',\par
      cityLocation: 'Quezon City',\par
      isVerifiedAdult: true,\par
      kycStatus: 'APPROVED',\par
    \},\par
  \});\par
\par
  console.log(\{ testUser \});\par
\}\par
\par
main()\par
  .catch((e) => \{\par
    console.error(e);\par
    process.exit(1);\par
  \})\par
  .finally(async () => \{\par
    await prisma.$disconnect();\par
  \});\par
2. Configure package.json\par
To make the seed command work, you need to add the prisma configuration to your package.json file. Open your package.json and add these lines at the bottom:\par
\par
JSON\par
"prisma": \{\par
  "seed": "ts-node prisma/seed.ts"\par
\}\par
(Note: Ensure you have ts-node installed: npm install -D ts-node)\par
\par
3. Execute the Seeding\par
Now, run this command in your terminal to inject the data:\par
\par
Bash\par
npx prisma db seed\par
4. How to Verify\par
Open Prisma Studio again to confirm the data was inserted successfully:\par
\par
Bash\par
npx prisma studio\par
Now, when you open the URL http://localhost:5555, you should see your test user, Juan Dela Cruz, already in the User table. You can use this user account to log in and start testing the streaming components of your app immediately without needing to go through the KYC flow every time you restart your database.\par
\par
Since your database is now ready with test data, would you like to build the backend logic for the "Generate Streaming Token" API, which is the final piece needed to make the LiveKit broadcast actually start?\par
\par
Yes generate streaming token\par
\par
To generate a streaming token for ChattMate, you need to use the livekit-server-sdk. This token acts as a "passport" that grants the user permission to join a specific LiveKit room, whether they are a broadcaster or a viewer.\par
\par
1. Install the SDK\par
Run this in your project terminal:\par
\par
Bash\par
npm install livekit-server-sdk\par
2. Create the API Route (app/api/get-participant-token/route.ts)\par
This API endpoint will be called by your frontend when a user wants to join a room. It checks if the user is verified, then creates a signed token.\par
\par
TypeScript\par
import \{ AccessToken \} from 'livekit-server-sdk';\par
import \{ NextRequest, NextResponse \} from 'next/server';\par
\par
export async function POST(req: NextRequest) \{\par
  const body = await req.json();\par
  const \{ room, username, isBroadcaster \} = body;\par
\par
  // 1. Validate environment variables\par
  const apiKey = process.env.LIVEKIT_API_KEY;\par
  const apiSecret = process.env.LIVEKIT_API_SECRET;\par
\par
  if (!apiKey || !apiSecret) \{\par
    return NextResponse.json(\{ error: "Server misconfigured" \}, \{ status: 500 \});\par
  \}\par
\par
  // 2. Create the Access Token\par
  const at = new AccessToken(apiKey, apiSecret, \{ identity: username \});\par
\par
  // 3. Add Permissions\par
  at.addGrant(\{\par
    roomJoin: true,\par
    room: room,\par
    canPublish: isBroadcaster, // Only the broadcaster can publish video\par
    canSubscribe: true,\par
  \});\par
\par
  const token = await at.toJwt();\par
\par
  return NextResponse.json(\{ token \});\par
\}\par
3. Conceptual Workflow of a Broadcast\par
The token exchange follows this secure sequence:\par
\par
Request: Your frontend sends a request to the API with the user's ID and the room name.\par
\par
Verify: The API verifies the user's isVerifiedAdult status in your Postgres database.\par
\par
Sign: The server generates a JWT (JSON Web Token) signed with your API_SECRET.\par
\par
Connect: The client sends this token to the LiveKit Server. The server checks the signature; if valid, it opens the WebSocket connection for the video stream.\par
\par
4. How to call this from your Frontend\par
When the user clicks "Start Streaming" or "Join Room," use this simple fetch:\par
\par
JavaScript\par
const joinRoom = async (roomName, username, isBroadcaster) => \{\par
  const response = await fetch('/api/get-participant-token', \{\par
    method: 'POST',\par
    body: JSON.stringify(\{ room: roomName, username, isBroadcaster \}),\par
  \});\par
  \par
  const \{ token \} = await response.json();\par
  \par
  // Use this token to connect to LiveKit\par
  // connect(process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_LIVEKIT_URL, token)\par
\};\par
\f1\u9888?\u-497?\f2  \f0 Security Warning\par
Because this is an adult content application, never expose your LIVEKIT_API_SECRET to the frontend. Keep it strictly in your .env file on the server. If that secret leaks, anyone could generate their own tokens and hijack your rooms or impersonate your users.\par
\par
With this token generation logic, you now have the full loop: User Auth -> KYC Verification -> Room Access Token -> Live Streaming. Are you ready to integrate the UI components to display the video, or is there a specific part of the token security you want to refine?\par
\par
Yes integrate the ui components to display tje video.\par
\par
To display the video on ChattMate, you will use the LiveKit Components React library. This library provides pre-built UI components that handle the complex WebRTC logic for you, such as camera permission handling, video rendering, and participant management.\par
\par
1. Install the UI Components\par
If you haven't yet, install the React components package:\par
\par
Bash\par
npm install @livekit/components-react @livekit/components-styles\par
2. The Video Room Component (components/ChattRoom.tsx)\par
This component uses the LiveKitRoom wrapper to initialize the connection and handle the local/remote video rendering.\par
\par
TypeScript\par
'use client';\par
import \{\par
  LiveKitRoom,\par
  VideoConference,\par
  RoomAudioRenderer,\par
  ControlBar,\par
\} from '@livekit/components-react';\par
import '@livekit/components-styles';\par
import \{ useEffect, useState \} from 'react';\par
\par
export default function ChattRoom(\{ roomName, token \}: \{ roomName: string, token: string \}) \{\par
  if (!token) return <div>Loading...</div>;\par
\par
  return (\par
    <div className="h-[600px] w-full bg-black rounded-lg overflow-hidden border border-slate-700">\par
      <LiveKitRoom\par
        video=\{true\}\par
        audio=\{true\}\par
        token=\{token\}\par
        serverUrl=\{process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_LIVEKIT_URL\}\par
        connect=\{true\}\par
      >\par
        \{/* The VideoConference component automatically renders all participants */\}\par
        <VideoConference />\par
        <RoomAudioRenderer />\par
        \{/* Adds mute/camera off/disconnect buttons */\}\par
        <ControlBar />\par
      </LiveKitRoom>\par
    </div>\par
  );\par
\}\par
3. Visualizing the Streaming UI Structure\par
To understand how these components interact to display the video, it helps to see the layout hierarchy.\par
\par
LiveKitRoom: The master container that establishes the socket connection.\par
\par
VideoConference: An intelligent component that manages the grid layout\f2\emdash automatically putting the broadcaster's stream in the center and viewers in a sidebar or grid.\par
\par
ControlBar: The UI overlay that provides the familiar "Mute," "Camera Off," and "Leave Room" buttons.\par
\par
4. Integration Logic\par
In your main page (app/stream/[roomName]/page.tsx), you tie the token generation (from the previous step) to this UI component:\par
\par
TypeScript\par
'use client';\par
import \{ useEffect, useState \} from 'react';\par
import ChattRoom from '@/components/ChattRoom';\par
\par
export default function StreamPage(\{ params \}: \{ params: \{ roomName: string \} \}) \{\par
  const [token, setToken] = useState('');\par
\par
  useEffect(() => \{\par
    // Call your API to get the token\par
    fetch('/api/get-participant-token', \{\par
      method: 'POST',\par
      body: JSON.stringify(\{ \par
        room: params.roomName, \par
        username: 'User_' + Math.floor(Math.random() * 1000), \par
        isBroadcaster: true \par
      \}),\par
    \})\par
    .then(res => res.json())\par
    .then(data => setToken(data.token));\par
  \}, [params.roomName]);\par
\par
  return (\par
    <main className="p-8">\par
      <h1 className="text-2xl font-bold mb-4">Live Broadcast: \{params.roomName\}</h1>\par
      \{token ? <ChattRoom roomName=\{params.roomName\} token=\{token\} /> : <p>Authenticating...</p>\}\par
    </main>\par
  );\par
\}\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-9055?\f2  \f0 Design Tips for ChattMate\par
Theming: The @livekit/components-styles provide a default light/dark look. Since you are building an adult-oriented site, override the CSS classes to match your dark/neon aesthetic by targeting .lk-video-conference in your globals.css.\par
\par
Empty State: If the broadcaster is offline, you should check room.participants and display a "Broadcaster is currently offline" poster image instead of a black screen.\par
\par
Now that your UI is rendering the video, how would you like to handle the "Tipping" mechanic (the tokens users spend on the broadcaster), or would you rather focus on the chat room functionality first?\par
\par
Add profile information\par
\par
User Name:\par
\par
Full Name:(show/hide),\par
\par
Age: (show/hide)\par
\par
Location: Local City\par
\par
Interested: (Man,Women,Straight,Gay, BiSexual)\par
\par
Smoke and Drink: Yes and No, Yes and Yes\par
\par
\par
\par
You can only broadcast online if you fully verified your account and cash in token to edit your profile and used the features of the paltform or application.\par
\par
To implement these profile requirements, you need to update your User model, create a secure settings interface, and enforce a "Pay-to-Play" gateway for profile customization.\par
\par
1. Database Schema Update (prisma/schema.prisma)\par
Add these fields to your User model to capture the preferences and visibility settings.\par
\par
Code snippet\par
model User \{\par
  // ... existing fields ...\par
  username         String    @unique\par
  // Visibility toggles\par
  showFullName     Boolean   @default(false)\par
  showAge          Boolean   @default(false)\par
  // Preferences\par
  interestedIn     String    // e.g., 'Man', 'Woman', 'Straight', 'Gay', 'Bi'\par
  smoke            Boolean   // true = Yes\par
  drink            Boolean   // true = Yes\par
  \par
  // Feature Gating\par
  hasDeposited     Boolean   @default(false)\par
\}\par
2. The Verification & Token Gate logic\par
You mentioned that users must be fully verified AND have cashed in tokens to edit their profile or broadcast. This requires a "Middleware" check in your code.\par
\par
The Access Control Check:\par
TypeScript\par
// Example: Middleware or Utility function to check permissions\par
async function canEditProfile(userId: string) \{\par
  const user = await prisma.user.findUnique(\{ where: \{ id: userId \} \});\par
  \par
  // Logic: Must be KYC Approved AND have deposited tokens\par
  if (user?.kycStatus === 'APPROVED' && user?.hasDeposited === true) \{\par
    return true;\par
  \}\par
  return false;\par
\}\par
3. Profile Edit UI Component (components/ProfileSettings.tsx)\par
This layout handles the show/hide toggles and preference selects.\par
\par
TypeScript\par
export default function ProfileSettings(\{ user \}) \{\par
  return (\par
    <div className="bg-slate-800 p-6 rounded-lg text-white">\par
      <h3 className="text-xl font-bold mb-4">Edit Profile</h3>\par
      \par
      \{/* Visibility Settings */\}\par
      <div className="space-y-4">\par
        <label className="flex justify-between">\par
          Show Full Name:\par
          <input type="checkbox" checked=\{user.showFullName\} />\par
        </label>\par
        \par
        <label className="flex justify-between">\par
          Show Age:\par
          <input type="checkbox" checked=\{user.showAge\} />\par
        </label>\par
\par
        \{/* Preferences */\}\par
        <select className="bg-slate-700 w-full p-2">\par
          <option>Interested In...</option>\par
          <option>Man</option>\par
          <option>Woman</option>\par
          <option>Bisexual</option>\par
        </select>\par
\par
        \{/* Habits */\}\par
        <div className="flex gap-4">\par
          <label>Smoke: <input type="radio" name="smoke" value="yes"/> Yes</label>\par
          <label>Drink: <input type="radio" name="drink" value="yes"/> Yes</label>\par
        </div>\par
      </div>\par
    </div>\par
  );\par
\}\par
4. Structural Logic Flow\par
To visualize how the platform forces users to follow these rules, see the sequence below:\par
\par
Rule 1 (Verification): If isVerifiedAdult is false, the "Edit Profile" button is locked (disabled).\par
\par
Rule 2 (Cash-In Gate): If hasDeposited is false, clicking "Edit Profile" redirects to a "Purchase Tokens" page instead of the settings panel.\par
\par
Rule 3 (Broadcast): The "Start Stream" button performs a final check on both isVerifiedAdult and hasDeposited before calling the LiveKit API to generate a token.\par
\par
5. Implementation Steps\par
Run npx prisma db push after updating your schema.prisma to add the new columns.\par
\par
Create a token-gate middleware in your Next.js project to wrap the /profile/edit route.\par
\par
Integrate a Payment Gateway: To automate "Cash In," you will eventually need to integrate an API like PayMaya (Maya Business) or GCash (via Xendit/PayMongo).\par
\par
Would you like me to draft the token-gate middleware code that protects your profile editing routes, or are you ready to look at how to process the initial "Cash In" transaction?\par
\par
Yes draft the token gate middleware code\par
\par
To protect your ChattMate platform, the middleware needs to intercept requests before they reach your sensitive pages (like Profile Edit or Live Broadcast). If the user isn't verified or hasn't topped up, the middleware redirects them to your payment/verification page.\par
\par
1. Create the Middleware (middleware.ts)\par
Place this file in your project root (same level as app/ folder). It will intercept traffic to the routes you define as "protected."\par
\par
TypeScript\par
import \{ NextResponse \} from 'next/server';\par
import type \{ NextRequest \} from 'next/server';\par
\par
export async function middleware(request: NextRequest) \{\par
  // 1. Get the session/user cookie (assuming you use NextAuth or similar)\par
  const sessionToken = request.cookies.get('session-token');\par
\par
  // 2. Define protected routes\par
  const isProtectedPath = request.nextUrl.pathname.startsWith('/profile/edit') || \par
                          request.nextUrl.pathname.startsWith('/stream/broadcast');\par
\par
  if (isProtectedPath) \{\par
    if (!sessionToken) \{\par
      return NextResponse.redirect(new URL('/login', request.url));\par
    \}\par
\par
    // 3. Perform a quick verification check via an internal API\par
    // Note: You would typically verify the JWT claims here \par
    // to see if the user has 'isVerified' and 'hasDeposited' flags\par
    const user = await verifyUserStatus(sessionToken.value);\par
\par
    if (!user.isVerifiedAdult || !user.hasDeposited) \{\par
      return NextResponse.redirect(new URL('/account-gated', request.url));\par
    \}\par
  \}\par
\par
  return NextResponse.next();\par
\}\par
\par
// Helper to simulate DB check (in production, use a cached JWT check)\par
async function verifyUserStatus(token: string) \{\par
  // Replace with actual logic to decode JWT or fetch from Redis\par
  return \{ isVerifiedAdult: true, hasDeposited: false \};\par
\}\par
\par
export const config = \{\par
  matcher: ['/profile/edit/:path*', '/stream/broadcast/:path*'],\par
\};\par
2. Protecting the UI (Client-Side)\par
Even if you have middleware, you should hide buttons and links in your UI for a better user experience.\par
\par
TypeScript\par
export default function ProfileActions(\{ user \}) \{\par
  if (!user.isVerifiedAdult) \{\par
    return <p className="text-red-500">Please complete your ID verification to edit your profile.</p>;\par
  \}\par
  \par
  if (!user.hasDeposited) \{\par
    return <button className="bg-yellow-500">Cash-in Tokens to Edit</button>;\par
  \}\par
\par
  return <button className="bg-pink-600">Edit Profile Details</button>;\par
\}\par
3. The "Account Gated" Page (app/account-gated/page.tsx)\par
This is the page users hit when they try to access features they haven't paid for or verified yet.\par
\par
TypeScript\par
export default function AccountGated() \{\par
  return (\par
    <div className="text-center mt-20">\par
      <h1 className="text-3xl font-bold">Access Restricted</h1>\par
      <p>To use this feature on ChattMate, please ensure:</p>\par
      <ul className="my-4">\par
        <li>\f4\u9989?\f2  \f0 Your National ID is verified.</li>\par
        <li>\f4\u9989?\f2  \f0 You have sufficient tokens in your wallet.</li>\par
      </ul>\par
      <a href="/cash-in" className="bg-pink-600 px-6 py-2 rounded">Go to Wallet</a>\par
    </div>\par
  );\par
\}\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-9055?\f2  \f0 Why this structure works:\par
Security (Server-side): The middleware.ts acts as a firewall; even if a user tries to type the URL /profile/edit manually, the server blocks them.\par
\par
Efficiency: By using matcher in the config object, the middleware only runs on the specific routes you protected, keeping the rest of your site fast.\par
\par
User Experience: The AccountGated page explains why they can't access the feature, guiding them directly to the Cash-in page.\par
\par
Your next logical step is to set up a payment processor (like PayMongo or Xendit) to handle the hasDeposited = true flag. Would you like to explore how to integrate a payment button for Philippine e-wallets like GCash?\par
\par
can i see the structural picture or demo of the application\par
\par
Here is the structural mockup layout for ChattMate's core interface, showing how the real-time elements, profile details, and the chat layer fit together on a dark-themed Pinoy streaming layout.\par
\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8975?\f2  \f0 ChattMate Interface Layout Mockup\par
ChattMate mobile interface layout structure, AI generated\par
ChattMate mobile interface layout structure. Source: Kaikoro / Getty Images\par
\f1\u-10179?\u-8795?\u-497?\f2  \f0 Interactive Application Logic Demo\par
To see how these visual blocks interact when users click around, token transactions occur, or features change based on permissions, try adjusting the simulator parameters below:\par
\par
\par
\par
\f1\u9881?\u-497?\f2  \f0 Microservices Structural Diagram\par
Behind the user interface shown above, the technical data layout channels traffic into modular cloud resources:\par
ChattMate backend microservices structure, AI generated\par
ChattMate backend microservices structure. Source: VectorMine / Getty Images\par
\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8995?\f2  \f0 Key Takeaway for the Final Build\par
When drafting your CSS layout rules for this structure:\par
\par
The Media Player Container must maintain an explicit aspect ratio (ideally 16:9) to prevent structural shifts when the WebRTC video frames initialize.\par
\par
The Chat & Interactivity Container should be anchored using flex-direction: column-reverse or a scroll anchor script, ensuring new messages and coin tip alerts feed cleanly from the bottom up without throwing off the user's scroll position.\par
\par
add the plugins of face live stream and add filter and more choices of animals filter and animated emoji to filter the face of the content streamer and hide it for a while not to reveal true face of the streamer and put every filter amount choices or packages filter for premium user like paid monthly and yearly.\par
\par
To add face masks, animal filters, and animated obfuscation emojis to ChattMate, you will need an AR (Augmented Reality) Web SDK like DeepAR Web or Banuba Web AR.\par
\par
These SDKs capture the user's camera stream locally, apply a 3D face-mesh overlay in the browser using WebGL, and output a filtered video canvas track directly into your LiveKit WebRTC broadcasting engine.\par
\par
\f1\u-10179?\u-8480?\u-497?\f2  \f0 The Face Filter Architecture\par
Instead of pushing raw video from the webcam to LiveKit, you route the camera frame through the AR engine first.\par
\par
[Webcam Stream] \f4\u9472?\u9472?\f0 > [ DeepAR / Banuba SDK ] \f4\u9472?\u9472?\f0 > [ Canvas Element with Filter ]\par
\f2                                                         \f4\u9474?\f0\par
\f2                                                         \f4\u9660?\f0\par
[ LiveKit Server ] <\f4\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 (Filtered Track Only) \f4\u9668?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 [ Canvas.captureStream() ]\par
1. Updated Database Schema (prisma/schema.prisma)\par
To handle access control for premium packages (monthly/yearly filter tiers), update your database schema to check subscription flags:\par
\par
Code snippet\par
enum PremiumTier \{\par
  FREE\par
  MONTHLY\par
  YEARLY\par
\}\par
\par
model User \{\par
  id              String      @id @default(uuid())\par
  username        String      @unique\par
  // Existing verification fields...\par
  premiumTier     PremiumTier @default(FREE)\par
  premiumExpires  DateTime?\par
\}\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-9029?\f2  \f0 Frontend Implementation (components/FilterBroadcaster.tsx)\par
This component instantiates the video processing pipeline. It loads the face filters and gates selection based on the broadcaster's transaction/subscription logic:\par
\par
TypeScript\par
'use client';\par
import \{ useEffect, useRef, useState \} from 'react';\par
import \{ DeepAR \} from 'deepar'; // or Banuba SDK equivalent\par
import \{ LiveKitRoom \} from '@livekit/components-react';\par
\par
interface FilterItem \{\par
  id: string;\par
  name: string;\par
  file: string; // path to local compiled .deepar filter file\par
  tier: 'FREE' | 'PREMIUM';\par
\}\par
\par
const FILTER_STORE: FilterItem[] = [\par
  \{ id: 'cat', name: '\f3\u-10179?\u-9167?\f2  \f0 Cute Cat Mask', file: '/filters/cat.deepar', tier: 'FREE' \},\par
  \{ id: 'tiger', name: '\f3\u-10179?\u-9169?\f2  \f0 Full Tiger Obfuscation', file: '/filters/tiger.deepar', tier: 'FREE' \},\par
  \{ id: 'emoji-hide', name: '\f3\u-10180?\u-8275?\f2  \f0 Animated Emoji Face-Hide', file: '/filters/emoji.deepar', tier: 'FREE' \},\par
  \{ id: 'cyber-wolf', name: '\f3\u-10179?\u-9158?\f2  \f0 Premium Cyber Wolf', file: '/filters/wolf.deepar', tier: 'PREMIUM' \},\par
];\par
\par
export default function FilterBroadcaster(\{ userTier, roomToken \}: \{ userTier: 'FREE' | 'MONTHLY' | 'YEARLY', roomToken: string \}) \{\par
  const videoRef = useRef<HTMLVideoElement>(null);\par
  const canvasRef = useRef<HTMLCanvasElement>(null);\par
  const [deepARInstance, setDeepARInstance] = useState<any>(null);\par
  const [activeFilter, setActiveFilter] = useState<string>('none');\par
\par
  useEffect(() => \{\par
    if (!canvasRef.current) return;\par
\par
    // Initialize the face tracking and augmentation engine\par
    const deepAR = new DeepAR(\{\par
      licenseKey: process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_DEEPAR_KEY || '',\par
      canvas: canvasRef.current,\par
      effect: '/filters/emoji.deepar' // Defaults to safe full face-hide on startup\par
    \});\par
\par
    deepAR.initialize().then(() => \{\par
      setDeepARInstance(deepAR);\par
    \});\par
\par
    return () => \{\par
      deepAR.shutdown();\par
    \};\par
  \}, []);\par
\par
  const changeFilter = async (filter: FilterItem) => \{\par
    if (filter.tier === 'PREMIUM' && userTier === 'FREE') \{\par
      alert('This specialized animal mesh is locked. Please purchase ChattMate Monthly/Yearly premium package!');\par
      return;\par
    \}\par
    \par
    if (deepARInstance) \{\par
      await deepARInstance.switchEffect(filter.file);\par
      setActiveFilter(filter.id);\par
    \}\par
  \};\par
\par
  return (\par
    <div className="grid grid-cols-4 gap-6 bg-slate-900 p-6 text-white rounded-xl">\par
      <div className="col-span-3 relative">\par
        \{/* The underlying tracking target layer */\}\par
        <canvas ref=\{canvasRef\} className="w-full aspect-video rounded-lg bg-black border border-slate-700" />\par
        <div className="absolute top-4 left-4 bg-black/60 px-3 py-1 rounded text-xs text-pink-400 font-bold">\par
          Active Privacy Layer: \{activeFilter\}\par
        </div>\par
      </div>\par
\par
      \{/* Filter Selection Drawer */\}\par
      <div className="bg-slate-800 p-4 rounded-lg space-y-4">\par
        <h3 className="font-bold text-pink-500 border-b border-slate-700 pb-2">Streamer Mask Settings</h3>\par
        <div className="space-y-2 max-h-[400px] overflow-y-auto">\par
          \{FILTER_STORE.map((filter) => (\par
            <button\par
              key=\{filter.id\}\par
              onClick=\{() => changeFilter(filter)\}\par
              className=\{`w-full text-left p-2.5 rounded text-sm transition-all flex justify-between items-center $\{\par
                activeFilter === filter.id ? 'bg-pink-600 font-bold' : 'bg-slate-700 hover:bg-slate-600'\par
              \}`\}\par
            >\par
              <span>\{filter.name\}</span>\par
              \{filter.tier === 'PREMIUM' && (\par
                <span className="text-[10px] bg-yellow-500 text-black px-1.5 py-0.5 rounded font-extrabold">PREMIUM</span>\par
              )\}\par
            </button>\par
          ))\}\par
        </div>\par
      </div>\par
    </div>\par
  );\par
\}\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-9074?\f2  \f0 Premium Tier Strategy & Package Configurations\par
To incentivize broadcasters to purchase packages or get viewers to subscribe, establish your application packages on a dedicated pricing route (app/premium/page.tsx):\par
\par
Package Tier\tab Pricing Structure\tab Use Case Benefit\par
ChattMate Basic\tab Free (Fully KYC Verified Only)\tab Can access low-latency video rooms, stream with basic cartoon/emoji blur face protections.\par
ChattMate Premium Monthly\tab\u8369?499 / month (GCash/Maya)\tab Unlocks premium 3D textured animal filters (Wolf, Tiger, Panther), facial touch-ups, custom background replacements.\par
ChattMate Executive Yearly\tab\u8369?3,999 / year (~33% savings)\tab All premium tracking filters, priority room placement on the PH discovery board, zero transaction fees on token cash-outs.\par
How to link the Canvas stream back to LiveKit:\par
When hooking this into your stream publishing interface, you construct your room video track directly from your filtered browser canvas instance like this:\par
\par
TypeScript\par
const canvasStream = canvasRef.current.captureStream(30); // Capture canvas at 30 FPS\par
const videoTrack = canvasStream.getVideoTracks()[0];\par
\par
// Publish this filtered track via the LiveKit Room handler\par
await currentRoom.localParticipant.publishTrack(videoTrack, \{ name: 'camera' \});\par
This ensures that your server never even sees or records the broadcaster's real face\f2\emdash the obfuscated emoji/animal canvas is the only video sequence that travels outside of their physical machine.\par
\par
Show structural design of web application\par
\par
To support specialized features like privacy mask pipelines, high-concurrency chatting, and payment validation gates, ChattMate needs a highly modular architectural layout.\par
\par
Breaking the application into separate, isolated functional units prevents a spike in chat room tipping traffic from breaking your identity validation framework or crashing the WebRTC video loops.\par
\par
\f1\u-10179?\u-8710?\u-497?\f2  \f0 Microservices System Architecture Blueprint\par
ChattMate decoupled microservices layout map, AI generated\par
ChattMate decoupled microservices layout map. Source: VectorMine / Getty Images\par
\f1\u-10178?\u-8719?\f2  \f0 The Complete Component Architecture Directory\par
When organizing your development workspace locally, your full-stack directory layout should strictly align with this clean structural hierarchy:\par
\par
Plaintext\par
chattmate/\par
\f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 app/                        # Next.js App Router Layer\par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 api/                    # Serverless Middleware Endpoints\par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 auth/               # Google OAuth callback validation handlers\par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 kyc-webhook/        # Secure Sumsub/SmileID webhook handler \par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 livekit-token/      # Signed WebRTC JWT generation engine\par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9492?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 payment-verify/     # GCash / Maya callback confirmation endpoint\par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 account-gated/          # Pay-to-Play feature wall landing route\par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 profile/                # User account panel\par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9492?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 edit/               # Gated settings layout (Visibility, Habits, Preferences)\par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9492?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 stream/                 \par
\f4\u9474?\f2        \f4\u9492?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 broadcast/          # Restricted streaming console page\par
\f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 components/                 # Reusable Client-Side Modules\par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 ARFilterSelector.tsx    # Face filter drawer (DeepAR face-mesh runtime hooks)\par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 ChattRoom.tsx           # LiveKit video view grid + socket layer wrapper\par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 ProfileForm.tsx         # Step 1 registration field layout\par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9492?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 TipsChatBox.tsx         # WebSocket reverse-scroll message frame + tip banner\par
\f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 prisma/                     # Database Management\par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 schema.prisma           # Relational schema mappings (PostgreSQL)\par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9492?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 seed.ts                 # Dev testing account insertion logic\par
\f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 public/                     \par
\f4\u9474?\f2    \f4\u9492?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 filters/                # Compiled 3D animal masks & emoji .deepar files\par
\f4\u9492?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 middleware.ts               # Server-side route authorization gate keeper\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8956?\f2  \f0 Dynamic Technical Data-Flow Cycle\par
To visualize how these physical components interact under heavy production usage, let us trace a typical interaction path across the core modules:\par
\par
[ FRONTEND APP LAYER ] \par
\f2       \f4\u9474?\f2  \f0\par
\f2       \f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 (1. Processes Video locally via WebGL) \f4\u9472?\u9472?\f0 > [ ARFilterSelector ]\par
\f2       \f4\u9474?\f2                                                      \f4\u9474?\f0\par
\f2       \f4\u9500?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 (2. Forwards masked canvas track) \f4\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9524?\u9472?\u9472?\f0 > [ ChattRoom (WebRTC) ] \f4\u9472?\u9472?\f0 > [ LiveKit SFU Server ]\par
\f2       \f4\u9474?\f0\par
\f2       \f4\u9492?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\f2  \f0 (3. Sends tipping events / transactions) \f4\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\u9472?\f0 > [ TipsChatBox (WS) ]  \f4\u9472?\u9472?\f0 > [ Redis Pub/Sub Cache ]\par
\f2                                                                                                     \f4\u9474?\f0\par
\f2                                                                                                     \f4\u9660?\f0\par
                                                                                            [ PostgreSQL Primary ]\par
\f1\u-10178?\u-8736?\f2  \f0 Structural Optimization Rules\par
Decoupled Video Track Processing: Notice that your face filters run directly inside the browser client sandbox via ARFilterSelector before sending media data. This design pattern ensures your central API servers handle zero real-time video encoding loads.\par
\par
Asynchronous Ledger Accounting: When a user tips a performer inside TipsChatBox, the active payment state hits a fast Redis Cache instantly to update the text chat view under a millisecond. The server then pushes the update down to the PostgreSQL Primary Database asynchronously to log the legal audit trail securely without choking active server threads.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Gemini is AI and can make mistakes.\par
}
 